If I win, you don't have to close the door.
This, this kid without internal ban
Said he was going to challenge Mr. Banqilong
King, don't talk nonsense
It's not that they talk nonsense
Xiaomei, he said it all
Try it, don't even think about it.
He also said what about him
Then shut down
That man is too strong
We are no match for him at all
I only hate myself for being too weak
He was also branded as a coward by others
little dragon
I'm sorry for your ancestral family business
Brother, it's not your fault.
It's all those guys' fault
Don't drive in the morning, don't hum
A fool tried to stop me too
On Banchillon
Don't hurt the eater
It's okay if you don't want me to hurt him
Lick my vamp clean
Don't go too far
Did you hear me?
Let you lick Mr. Berchillon's shoes
Can lick his shoes
It must be the greatest honor of your life.
Whose blood are you these two days?
Of course, it's your money for a day, Mr. Qilong.
Oh, Mr. Banqi wants my blood?
How about you, Mr. Banqi?